These are the questions.  We've done our best to catch all of them and
remove identifying info.  Candidates, please note!  There's some good
material here, think about this stuff. :)

Rob Levin
Moderator
dld2k

Subject: Question for candidates

For any/all candidates:

What SPECIFICALLY would you do to make various task groups that can
make decisions effecting the project (admin, new maintainer, ports,
qa, even the DPL) responsible to the Debian developers as a whole,
with public processes, while still not interfering to an extent such
that the people in those groups are hindered in the execution of their
jobs?  What formal mechanisms should be in place for adding/removing
people to/from those groups?

Subject: Question

Debian's current stance on KDE is to not include it.  The KDE
programmers and other distributions have no problem with the license
the way it is currently.  Should Debian change it's stance on the KD
licensing issue?

Subject: Question 2 for candidates

What specifically would you do to address problems with our release
system?  Specifically: that our stable distribution tends to languish
without bug fixes, appropriate ports, and current video drivers or
kernel; that our releases are occurring rarely enough that the above
problem is exacerbated; that our freeze time tends to be too long; and
that we have a sort of scheme whereby priorities of RC bugs are
decreased simply because they are "too hard" to fix before release?

Subject: Question 3 for candidates

How do you feel we should address, in a generic fashion, problems of
conflicting nation-state laws with regard to the distribution and
inclusion of software in Debian?  For instance, non-US is here because
of US laws.  But what about software patents that may be valid in one
locale but not in others?  Same question for copyrights.  For
instance, we relegate various GIF software to non-free because of a US
patent that is not necessarily valid elsewhere, and similar actions
for software with licenses in non-US contries that are not valid in
the US.

Subject: QUESTION: Security issues for Potato

I fear that, releasing a 4500+ package distribution, more than the usual
security issues are found in Potato. This can be harmful for Debian with 
a little aid of FUD as it can spoil our image of the "most solid 
distribution". I wonder what you think about it, and of course how to 
solve it.

Thanks,

Subject: QUESTION

If you could change one thing in Debian what would it be?

Subject: Question for candidates

Currently, Debian has no documented procedure to remove inactive
developers/maintainers; to assign the packages of such people to
others; to remove their accounts on Debian machines; or to otherwise
deal with people that may even be present but demonstrably fail to
properly live up to their full responsibilities as a Debian developer
or maintainer.  What, if anything, do you specifically suggest should
be implemented to deal with these problems, and how will you make sure
that your plan will be implemented?

Subject: QUESTION

What will you do to accelerate Debian's release cycle?

What do you consider to be the best approach in increasing the
visibility of Debian?

Do you think Debian should consider using some of the featured added
by spin-off distributions such as Stormix?

Subject: QUESTION

Shouldn't the webpage be updated with a more modern looking webpage design.

Subject: QUESTION

Who would you vote for if you couldn't vote for yourself and why?

Subject: QUESTION

Question to Ben Collins: 

as you are talking frequently about "new structures", "better control"
and so on.

What should all this look like in concreto?
