From griefdoc@kirstimd.com Fri Jun 11 21:02:23 1999
Date: Thu, 10 Jun 1999 19:11:38 -0700
From: "Kirsti A. Dyer, MD, MS" <griefdoc@kirstimd.com>
To: events@debian.org
Subject: MEDNET '99

To Debina GNU/Linux

We will be presenting a tutorial on "Learning HTML in Heidelberg:
Effective Web Page Designs for Medical Professionals:
Understanding HTML enough to Try it Yourself!" on September 18, 1999, at
the fourth annual MEDNET '99 World Congress on the Internet in Medicine.
As part of the presentation we will be including the resources that we
found to be helpful in creating our own website, running our computers,
and the tutorial presentation.Cole is an avid proponent of Linux products
finding them to be a good, reliable computer resources. Recognizing that
many of the participants will be from other countries who cannot afford
the expensive licensing fees charged by other software companies, we are
also striving to provide resources that will be inexpensive and
sustainable, hence Linux-based products. With Debian providing many being
part of the free, open source systems and free software, we felt it would
make sense for your company to be represented. Also with the
international representation at MEDNET '99, this is a good way to be able
to reach physicians and computer people in other countries, providing
them valuable information and resources to get connected to the Internet.

MEDNET 99 is the Fourth Annual World Congress on the Internet in
Medicine, an international conference of the Society for
the Internet in Medicine (SIM). This organization is one of the leading
international medical organizations devoted to the use of
the Internet in the field of medicine. The MEDNET 99 Organizing Committee
anticipates several hundred physicians,
researchers, developers and users, involved in the application of the
Internet in medicine, from around the world to attend this
world congress.

There are several different options are available for sponsoring or
exhibiting at the MEDNET '99 conference:

     * Sponsors - Platinum, Gold, Silver and Bronze levels
     * Exhibitors - Exhibition space is available on all congress days 
(from Sunday, September 19th, until Tuesday,
     September 21st - 3 days) and also on the workshop/tutorial day,
Saturday September 18th in the Foyer of the
     Communication Center of the German Cancer Research Center (DKFZ).
You can book 1, 2, 3 or 4 days.
     * Advertisements - within the Conference Proceedings Program and/or
the Journal of Medical Internet Research.
     Advertisers must be at least a Bronze level sponsor of the
conference.
     * Lifelong Web banner on the Mednet-Homepage - The MEDNET99 Homepage
will contain abstracts of the
     conference and will remain on the Internet for several years (if not
forever) after the congress. A web banner can be
     placed on the Homepage or any other page you wish. Sponsors of the
conference are eligible for a textlink/banner.

The price range is from Bronze level 500 Euro (approx. 500 U.S.) to
Platinum 5,000 Euro. With the U.S. Dollar being very strong compared to
the European, this is an even better exchange. For more specific details,
including a floor plan for sponsorship, I will refer you to the
Sponsor's Page http://www.yi.com/mednet99/sponsors.htm

If I can be of any further help, please do not hesitate to contact me,
via email, or at home.  Also, you can contact the Committee Chair, Dr.
Gunther Eysenbach directly for more information by emailing him at
mednet99sponsor@hotmail.com.
 

Kirsti A. Dyer, MD, MS, BCBT
Physician, Domain Designer
National Promotional Coordinator, U.S. MEDNET '99
Cole D. Thompson
Unix Engineer
 
